Updated steps in Install Ledger app for Nano S Plus (#570)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/net/desktop-wallet/install-ledger-app.rst

#. Extract the files from the ZIP folder to a folder on your computer.

#. Now you need to start recovery mode on the Ledger device.

   - On the **Nano S**, press the *right* button and hold it down while you reconnect the Ledger to the computer until the Ledger says **recovery**.

>    - On the **Nano S Plus**, press the *left* button and hold it down while you reconnect the Ledger to the computer. Press both buttons to select **recovery**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - On the **Nano S Plus**, press the *left* button and hold it down while you reconnect the Ledger to the computer. Navigate to **Recovery mode** and press both buttons to enter **recovery mode**.
```
The same for the other entries. The difference is that you have to do some navigation on the S Plus.
